Rust docs for `protocols::v2::codec-sv2` (#1040)
stratum-mining/stratum: protocols/v2/codec-sv2/README.md

# `codec_sv2`

[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/codec_sv2.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/codec_sv2)
[![docs.rs](https://docs.rs/codec_sv2/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/codec_sv2)
[![rustc+](https://img.shields.io/badge/rustc-1.75.0%2B-lightgrey.svg)](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2023/12/28/Rust-1.75.0.html)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%2FApache--2.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/stratum-mining/stratum/blob/main/LICENSE.md)

> 

Reviewer: Add the badge here (cc @Shourya742)

# `codec_sv2`

[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/codec_sv2.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/codec_sv2)
[![docs.rs](https://docs.rs/codec_sv2/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/codec_sv2)
[![rustc+](https://img.shields.io/badge/rustc-1.75.0%2B-lightgrey.svg)](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2023/12/28/Rust-1.75.0.html)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%2FApache--2.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/stratum-mining/stratum/blob/main/LICENSE.md)

> [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/stratum-mining/stratum/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?flag=codec_sv2-coverage)](https://codecov.io/gh/stratum-mining/stratum)

Author: @Shourya742 is this right? Looks like it is showing 0%, but it should be 10.61% I think.

Reviewer 2: assuming the URL will remain the same, let's save one extra PR and just leave it here

[![rustc+](https://img.shields.io/badge/rustc-1.75.0%2B-lightgrey.svg)](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2023/12/28/Rust-1.75.0.html)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%2FApache--2.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/stratum-mining/stratum/blob/main/LICENSE.md)
[![docs.rs](https://codecov.io/gh/stratum-mining/stratum/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://app.codecov.io/gh/stratum-mining/stratum/tree/main/protocols%2Fv2%2Fcodec_sv2)

`codec_sv2` provides the message encoding and decoding functionality for the Stratum V2 (Sv2)
protocol, handling secure communication between Sv2 roles. This crate abstracts the complexity of
message encoding/decoding with optional Noise protocol support, ensuring both regular and encrypted
messages can be serialized, transmitted, and decoded consistently and reliably.

## Main Components

- **Encoder**: Encodes Sv2 messages with or without Noise protocol support.
- **Decoder**: Decodes Sv2 messages with or without Noise protocol support.
- **Handshake State**: Manages the current Noise protocol handshake state of the codec.

## Usage

To use this crate, add it to your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
codec_sv2 = "1.2.1"

> ```

Reviewer 2: see https://github.com/stratum-mining/stratum/pull/1111#discussion_r1791426219

> This crate can be built with the following features:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This crate can be built with the following feature flags:
```

- `noise_sv2`: Enables support for Noise protocol encryption and decryption.
- `with_buffer_pool`: Enables buffer pooling for more efficient memory management.
- `with_serde`: builds [`binary_sv2`](https://crates.io/crates/binary_sv2) and
  [`buffer_sv2`](https://crates.io/crates/buffer_sv2) crates with `serde`-based encoding and
  decoding. Note that this feature flag is only used for the Message Generator, and deprecated
  for any other kind of usage. It will likely be fully deprecated in the future.

### Examples

This crate provides two examples demonstrating how to encode and decode Sv2 frames:

1. **[Unencrypted Example](https://github.com/stratum-mining/stratum/blob/main/protocols/v2/codec-sv2/examples/unencrypted.rs)**:
   Encode and decode standard Sv2 frames, detailing the message serialization and transmission
   process for unencrypted communications.

2. **[Encrypted Example](https://github.com/stratum-mining/stratum/blob/main/protocols/v2/codec-sv2/examples/encrypted.rs)**:
   Encode and decode Sv2 frames with Noise protocol encryption, detailing the entire encryption
   handshake and transport phase and serialization and transmission process for encrypted

>    communications.

Author: @plebhash is this overkill for the example section or do we like it?

Reviewer 2: looks good to me!
